Classes are the fundamental unit of object-oriented programming in C++.
You've already worked with some of the built-in system defined
C++ types like ints, floats and chars.
Classes allow engineers, including you,
to build user-defined types.
If you're building software for a car dealership, for example,
you might want to build a class for sedans and
another class for trucks and another class for convertibles as well.
Some of these classes might be connected to each other
through relationships like composition or inheritance.
Toward the end of this lesson,
you'll learn about those types of relationships too.
Once you understand classes,
you can instantiate an object of the class or even multiple objects of the class.
You might instantiate two sedans for example,
each having a different color.
There is a lot to learn and you're going to do great. Let's get to it.